= netzke-basepack
A pack of basic Rails/ExtJS widgets as a part of the Netzke framework. Live demo/tutorials on http://blog.writelesscode.com. Introduction to the Netzke framework and the Wiki: http://github.com/skozlov/netzke

Note that if you would like to modify this code or experiment with it, you may be better off cloning this project into your app's vendor/plugin directory - it will then behave as a Rails plugin.

= Prerequisites
1. Rails >= 2.2
2. Ext JS >= 3.0: its root by default must be accessible as RAILS_ROOT/public/extjs. You may symlink your Ext JS library here like this (from your app folder):

    cd public && ln -s ~/Developer/extjs/ext-3.0 extjs

3. acts_as_list plugin must be installed: 

    ./script/plugin install git://github.com/rails/acts_as_list.git

= Installation
The gem is hosted on gemcutter. If you haven't yet enabled gemcutter, run the following:

    sudo gem install gemcutter && gem tumble

Install the gem:

    gem install netzke-basepack

Include it into environment.rb:

    config.gem "netzke-basepack"

Include mapping for Netzke controller providing *.js and *.css (in routes.rb):

    map.netzke

= Usage
First, run the generators to have the necessary migrations:

    ./script/generate netzke_core

Do the migrations:

    rake db:migrate

The following example will provide you with a grid-based scaffold for ActiveRecord-model called Book. You may generate it like this:

    ./script/generate model Book title:string amount:integer

(don't forget to re-run the migrations after it)

In the controller declare the widget:

    class WelcomeController < ApplicationController
      netzke :books, :widget_class_name => 'GridPanel', :data_class_name => 'Book'
    end

After a widget is declared in the controller, it can be accessed in 3 different ways: 1) loaded by means of an automatically created controller action which will produce a basic HTML-page with the widget (handy for testing), 2) embedded directly into a view (by means of helpers), 3) dynamically loaded by other widgets (like BasicApp-derived, if you want a desktop-like, AJAX-driven web-app).

== Using automatically created controller action
Without writing any more code, you can access the widget by http://localhost:3000/welcome/books_test. That is to say, you simply append _test to your widget's name (as declared in the controller) to get the action's name.

== Embedding a widget into a view
netzke-core plugin provides the following 2 helpers to put inside your head-tag (use it in your layout):

1. netzke_js_include - to include extjs and netzke javascript files
2. netzke_css_include - to include the css. This one can take a parameter to specify a color schema you wish for Ext JS, e.g.: netzke_css_include(:gray)

Declaring a widget in the controller provides you with a couple of helpers that can be used in the view:

1. books_class_definition will contain the JavaScript code defining the code for the JS class.
2. books_widget_instance will declare a local JavaScript variable called 'book'.
3. books_widget_render will provide the JavaScript code that calls the "render" method on the variable declared by books_widget_instance; the widget will be rendered into a div with id "books-div".

Use these helpers inside of the script-tag like the following (in the view):
	
    <script type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8">
    <%= books_class_definition %>
    Ext.onReady(function(){
    	<%= books_widget_instance %>
    	<%= books_widget_render %>
    })
    </script>
    <div id="books-div">the widget will be rendered in this div</div>

If your layout already calls yield :javascripts wrapped in the <script>-tag, you can have all javascript-code in one place on the page:

    <% content_for :javascripts do %>
    <%= books_class_definition %>
    Ext.onReady(function(){
    	<%= books_widget_instance %>
    	books.render("books");
    })
    <% end %>
    <p>... your page content here ...</p>
    <div id="books-div">the widget will be rendered in this div</div>

== Dynamic loading of widgets
TODO: this part will be covered later

= Credentials
Testing done with the help of http://github.com/pluginaweek/plugin_test_helper

Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Sergei Kozlov, released under the MIT license
