README.md, before:

# Netzke Basepack

A pack of pre-built [Netzke](http://netzke.org) components - such as grid, form, tab panel, etc.

## Requirements

* Ruby 1.9.2 (1.8.7 may work, too)
* Rails >= 3.0.0
* Ext JS = 4.0.2a

## Installation

In your Gemfile:

    gem 'netzke-basepack'

For the "edge" stuff, tell bundler to get the gem straight from GitHub:

    gem 'netzke-basepack', :git => "git://github.com/skozlov/netzke-basepack.git"

## Usage

Embed a basepack component into a view as any other Netzke component, e.g.:

  <%= netzke :books, :class_name => 'Netzke::Basepack::GridPanel', :model => 'Book' %>

For more examples, see http://demo.netzke.com, and look into test/basepack_test_app.

## Testing and playing with Netzke Basepack

Netzke Basepack is bundled with Cucumber and RSpec tests. If you would like to contribute to the project, you may want to learn how to [run the tests](https://github.com/skozlov/netzke-core/wiki/Automated-testing).

Besides, the bundled test application is a convenient [playground](https://github.com/skozlov/netzke-core/wiki/Playground) for those who search to experiment with the framework.

After starting up the test app, you can see the list of functional test components on the index page (along with links to the source code):

    http://localhost:3000/

## Note on testing with DataMapper/Sequel Support
To install the test app with DataMapper or Sequel, put ORM=dm or ORM=sq
into your environment.
For example to set-up DataMapper support run

    # in test/basepack_test_app 
    ORM=dm bundle install

To run the test app in DataMapper-Mode (will use DataMapper models instead of ActiveRecord models)

    # in test/basepack_test_app 
    ORM=dm rails s

To run the test suite

    # in test/basepack_test_app 
    ORM=dm bundle exec rake

etc.

NOTE: netzke-basepack is not dependant on neither DataMapper nor Sequel.  It will pick the right DataAdapter for your models automatically.
You still should include ActiveRecord into your Gemfile, as netzke-persistance (dependency) is using ActiveRecord.

## Icons support
Netzke Basepack can make use of FamFamFam Silk icon set (http://www.famfamfam.com/archive/silk-icons-thats-your-lot/). To enable this, download the icons and put the "icons" folder into your app's public/images folder. Then restart your application.

## Ext 3 support
Versions 0.6.x are for you if you're using Ext 3 (*hardly maintained*)

## Rails 2 support
With Rails 2 (and Ext 3 only), use versions 0.5.x (*not maintained*)

## More info
Official project site: http://netzke.org

Twitter:

* latest news about Netzke: http://twitter.com/netzke
* author's tweets on osx, productivity and what not:  http://twitter.com/nomadcoder

Many (if a bit outdated) tutorials: http://blog.writelesscode.com

---
Copyright (c) 2008-2011 NomadCoder, released under the MIT license
Note, that Ext JS itself is licensed [differently](http://www.sencha.com/products/extjs/license/)

Commit message:

Implement some attributes stuff for Sequel, Updated README

README.md, after:

# Netzke Basepack

A pack of pre-built [Netzke](http://netzke.org) components - such as grid, form, tab panel, etc.

## Requirements

* Ruby 1.9.2 (1.8.7 may work, too)
* Rails >= 3.0.0
* Ext JS = 4.0.2a

## Installation

In your Gemfile:

    gem 'netzke-basepack'

For the "edge" stuff, tell bundler to get the gem straight from GitHub:

    gem 'netzke-basepack', :git => "git://github.com/skozlov/netzke-basepack.git"

## Usage

Embed a basepack component into a view as any other Netzke component, e.g.:

  <%= netzke :books, :class_name => 'Netzke::Basepack::GridPanel', :model => 'Book' %>

For more examples, see http://demo.netzke.com, and look into test/basepack_test_app.

## Testing and playing with Netzke Basepack

Netzke Basepack is bundled with Cucumber and RSpec tests. If you would like to contribute to the project, you may want to learn how to [run the tests](https://github.com/skozlov/netzke-core/wiki/Automated-testing).

Besides, the bundled test application is a convenient [playground](https://github.com/skozlov/netzke-core/wiki/Playground) for those who search to experiment with the framework.

After starting up the test app, you can see the list of functional test components on the index page (along with links to the source code):

    http://localhost:3000/

## Note on testing with DataMapper/Sequel Support
To install the test app with DataMapper or Sequel, put ORM=dm or ORM=sq
into your environment.
For example to set-up DataMapper support run

    # in test/basepack_test_app 
    ORM=dm bundle install

To run the test app in DataMapper-Mode (will use DataMapper models instead of ActiveRecord models)

    # in test/basepack_test_app 
    ORM=dm rails s

To run the test suite

    # in test/basepack_test_app 
    ORM=dm bundle exec rake

etc.

NOTE: netzke-basepack is not dependant on neither DataMapper nor Sequel.  It will pick the right DataAdapter for your models automatically.
ActiveRecord is still included in Gemfile of the test app, as netzke-persistance is used which uses ActiveRecord.
If you don't use netzke-persistence, then you don't need to include ActiveRecord.

## DataMapper support
DataMapper support is *incomplete*, as I didn't find a good way to sort by an association's column when the association needs a LEFT OUTER JOIN (i.e. nullable foreign key in many_to_one).

## Sequel support

CAVEATS:
  - you can't use polymorphic associations for the time being, as the sequel_polymorphic plugin is not supported by netzke-basepack

## Icons support
Netzke Basepack can make use of FamFamFam Silk icon set (http://www.famfamfam.com/archive/silk-icons-thats-your-lot/). To enable this, download the icons and put the "icons" folder into your app's public/images folder. Then restart your application.

## Ext 3 support
Versions 0.6.x are for you if you're using Ext 3 (*hardly maintained*)

## Rails 2 support
With Rails 2 (and Ext 3 only), use versions 0.5.x (*not maintained*)

## More info
Official project site: http://netzke.org

Twitter:

* latest news about Netzke: http://twitter.com/netzke
* author's tweets on osx, productivity and what not:  http://twitter.com/nomadcoder

Many (if a bit outdated) tutorials: http://blog.writelesscode.com

---
Copyright (c) 2008-2011 NomadCoder, released under the MIT license
Note, that Ext JS itself is licensed [differently](http://www.sencha.com/products/extjs/license/)
